add ip -a, nmcli details to readme (#1)
balena-io-experimental/balena-virt: README.md

```bash
$ for i in {0..4}; do \

> qemu-img create -f qcow2 -F qcow2 -b rootfs.qcow2 guest${i}.qcow2 32G; \

Reviewer: The first semicolon here is a good suggestion, thanks, that one was overlooked. The one after `done` is unnecessary.

## Networking
### Shared physical device

> Check your network before you wreck your network:

Reviewer: Doesn't fit the tone of the rest of the readme

Find the ethernet name for example something like this eno1 or enp89s0 
`` 

> $ ip a

Reviewer: This is a good suggestion, I can see how it was confusing not understanding that `eno1` later is machine specific

``

> First, create a bridge on thee ethernet port preferably(wifi will require lan and dhcp server), and assign the physical interface as a slave. This can be done on the host OS using nmcli:

Reviewer: This needs reworked.
```suggestion
For technical reasons, a wired ethernet interface will work with minimal complication. Wireless interfaces cannot be attached to a Linux host bridge. It's possible to setup another subnet, and use NAT to forward traffic over the wireless interface, but that is beyond the scope of this readme.

Create a bridge, and add the physical interface as a slave. This can be done on the host OS using nmcli: (replace eno1 here with your interface)
```

```
$ nmcli connection add type bridge ifname qemu0
$ nmcli connection add type bridge-slave ifname eno1 master qemu0
```

> If you screw it up, then delete 

Reviewer: The tone is inconsistent with the rest of the readme, though this is good information to have, thanks for including it.

```
$ nmcli con show
$ nmcli con delete UUID
$ nmcli con add type bridge-slave ifname eno1 master qemu0
```

If you need to add back in ethernet
```
$ nmcli con show
$ nmcli con delete UUID
$ nmcli con add type ethernet ifname eno1
```

The changes will take affect after rebooting. Upon reconnecting to the device, you should see the physical interface with no address, and the bridge will now have an address.

> You should now be able to see the address in an arp -a scan.

Reviewer: Another good change, thanks
